MindSphere Improvements (#1584)
mendix/docs: content/refguide/mindsphere/mindsphere-module-details.md

During the login process, MindSphere application scopes are mapped to Mendix roles automatically. The comparison ignores upper- and lower-case differences. If the roles match, then that Mendix role is assigned to the user.

![Diagram showing relationship between different roles and scopes in Mendix and MindSphere](attachments/mindsphere-module-details/roles-and-scopes.png)

The mapping in the starter app is:

| **MindSphere application scope** | **is mapped to Mendix User role** |
| -------------------------------- | --------------------------------- |
| {app_name}.admin                | Admin                             |
| {app_name}.user                 | User                              |

In MindSphere, these roles will look like this:

![MindSphere Authorization Management screen](attachments/mindsphere-module-details/image8.png)

And in the Mendix example app they will be mapped to these roles:

![Mendix Project Security dialog](attachments/mindsphere-module-details/image9.png)

## 3 MindSphere OS Bar{#msosbar}

> All MindSphere apps must have a MindSphere OS Bar. This unifies the UI of all MindSphere apps. It is used for showing the app name, routing back to the Launchpad, and logging out from MindSphere easily. Apps without the MindSphere OS Bar will not be validated for deployment to a MindSphere production environment.

Reviewer: `must have a MindSphere OS Bar` --> must integrate the MindSphere OS Bar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All MindSphere apps must integrate the MindSphere OS Bar. This unifies the UI of all MindSphere apps. It is used for showing the app name, routing back to the Launchpad, and logging out from MindSphere easily. Apps without the MindSphere OS Bar will not be validated for deployment to a MindSphere production environment.
```

* links – links to additional information about the app

More information on the structure and content of this JSON object, together with sample JSON, can be found in [App Information](https://developer.mindsphere.io/resources/osbar/resources-osbar-getting-started.html#app-information), on the MindSphere developer site.

## 4 MindSphere Theme Pack{#msthemepack}

**MindSphere_UI_Resources** includes the following:

* An Atlas UI theme for MindSphere apps
* An updated *index.html* file
* A new *mindspherelogin.html* file
* New error pages:
  * permission-denied (*error_page/403.html*)
  * no authorization header found (*error_page/NoJWT.html*)
  * CockpitApplicationName does not match MindSphere token (*error_page/CockpitApplicationName.html*)

### 4.1 Atlas UI Theme

See section [Atlas UI](/refguide/mindsphere/mindsphere-development-considerations#atlasui) of *MindSphere Development Considerations* for a discussion about using the MindSphere Atlas UI Theme.

### 4.2 index.html Changes{#indexhtmlchanges}

The MindSphere starter app, example app, and Theme Pack have an updated `index.html` file to allow integration with MindSphere.

> If you are making the app from a different starter app you can make these three changes manually. See the [index.html](#indexhtml) section, below, for details of the changes you need to make.

Reviewer: `are making the app` --> are developing the app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are developing your app from a different starter app you can make these three changes manually. See the [index.html](#indexhtml) section, below, for details of the changes you need to make.
```
